Pardon me?
I beg your pardon.
This lady is indeed pregnant
And it's been 8 weeks
How can 8 weeks be 8 weeks?
Hello Qingqing
Is there something you're not telling me?
Warm is indeed pregnant
But the baby is 8 weeks old
What the hell is going on?
Hotel that night
The person with Lu Jingsheng is warm
I happened to bump into it
I will let the warmth keep the secret
Impersonated him
This
Why didn't you tell me this sooner?
Must be removed yes
You little bitch
If I hadn't had more heart to bring you here to check
Why didn't you know you were secretly
They lied about being pregnant from us
You want to give birth to a father and have a child
Threatening me to climb high branches
Dream Doctor
Come and beat me with the wild meat in his stomach
No way.
Little bitch chase me
Master, go to Inlet Bay
At this time
Only Kamei Sheng can save me